Add documentation for object store layer. (#418)
heremaps/here-data-sdk-typescript: docs/read-from-object-store-layer.md

> # Work with an object store layer

Reviewer: The file name "read-from-object-store-layer.md" is a bit misleading when this also covers write?

Author: good catch, will rename. thanks

      "blob", 
      "v2", 
      settings, 
      HRN.fromString("your-catalog-hrn")
   );
   ```

## Get data from an object store layer

You can request any data from an [object store layer](https://developer.here.com/documentation/data-user-guide/user_guide/portal/layers/layers.html#object-store-layers) using a key or datahandle.

**To get data from the object store layer:**

1. Create the `RequestBuilder` object.

   For instructions, see [Create RequestBuilder](#use-objectstoreapi-from-hereolp-sdk-dataservice-api).

2. Call the `getBlobByKey` function with the `key` and `layerId` parameters.

   ```typescript
   const result = await ObjectStoreApi.getBlobByKey(requestBuilder, {
      key: "your-data-key",
      layerId: "your-layer-id"
   });
   ```

You receive data from the requested key of the selected layer.

## Get all keys

1. Create the `RequestBuilder` object.

   For instructions, see [Create RequestBuilder](#use-objectstoreapi-from-hereolp-sdk-dataservice-api).

2. Call the `listKeys` function with the `layerId` parameter.

   ```typescript
   const result = await ObjectStoreApi.listKeys(requestBuilder, {
      layerId: "your-layer-id"
   });
   ```

> You receive a list of all keys from the selected layer.

Reviewer: It should be noted that the listkeys returns only one level of keys. The response will contain for each key an indication if it is a folder or object. For each folder, the client must recursively call this end point with a parent in the query string to retrieve the next level of keys for the folder.

## Publish data to the object store layer

**To publish data to the object store layer:**

1. Create the `RequestBuilder` object.

   For instructions, see [Create RequestBuilder](#use-objectstoreapi-from-hereolp-sdk-dataservice-api).

> 2. Call the `putBlobByKey` function with the `key`, `data`, `contentLength`, and `layerId` parameters.

Reviewer: Will there be another doc entry for the multi-part upload wrapper?

Author: yes, after wrapper will be added

   ```typescript
   const result = await ObjectStoreApi.putBlobByKey(requestBuilder, {
      layerId: "your-layer-id",
      key: "your-data-key",
      contentLength: data.length,
      body: data
   });
   ```
You receive a response from the datastore with the status of the operation.

> For more information, see the [Data User Guide](https://developer.here.com/documentation/data-user-guide/user_guide/portal/layers/layers.html)

Reviewer: Perhaps also the 'delete' case should be added?

# Read from a object store layer

This example shows how to read and write data from/to a object store layer on Node.js using HERE Data SDK for TypeScript.

## Build and run an app on Node.js

**To build and run an app on Node.js:**

1. Create an npm project.

   ```shell
   mkdir example-app && cd example-app && npm init
   ```

2. Initialize a TypeScript project.

   ```shell
   tsc --init
   ```

3. Install node types.

   ```shell
   npm install --save-dev @types/node
   ```

4. Install the SDK modules.

   ```shell
   npm install --save @here/olp-sdk-authentication @here/olp-sdk-dataservice-api
   ```

   Now, everything is set to create the app.

5. Create the `index.ts` file and app skeleton.

   ```typescript
   /**

>     * Example of the Node.js app used for reading/writing from/to object store layer from the datastore.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * An example of the Node.js app used for reading data from and writing it to an object store layer in the datastore.
```

    */

   class App {
     run() {
       console.log("App works!");
     }
   }

   const app = new App();
   app.run();
   ```

6. Compile and run the app.

   ```shell
   tsc && node .
   ```

After a successful run, the console displays the following message:

```shell
App works!
```

> ## Use `ObjectStoreApi` from `@here/olp-sdk-dataservice-api`;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Use `ObjectStoreApi` from `@here/olp-sdk-dataservice-api`
```

> You can use the `ObjectStoreApi` functions to request any data from a [object store layer](https://developer.here.com/documentation/data-user-guide/user_guide/portal/layers/layers.html#object-store-layers).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use the `ObjectStoreApi` functions to request any data from an [object store layer](https://developer.here.com/documentation/data-user-guide/user_guide/portal/layers/layers.html#object-store-layers).
```

**To use the `ObjectStoreApi` functions:**

1. Create the `OlpClientSettings` object.

   For instructions, see <a href="https://github.com/heremaps/here-data-sdk-typescript/blob/master/docs/create-platform-client-settings.md" target="_blank">Create platform client settings</a>.

> 2. Create a `RequestBuilder` instance with `RequestFactory` that contains the catalog HRN, the platform client settings from step 1, and api name `blob` and api version `v2`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Create a `RequestBuilder` instance with `RequestFactory` that contains the catalog HRN, the platform client settings from step 1, API name, and API version.
```

   ```typescript
   const requestBuilder = await RequestFactory.create(
      "blob", 
      "v2", 
      settings, 
      HRN.fromString("your-catalog-hrn")
   );
   ```

> ## Get data from the object store layer

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Get data from an object store layer
```

> You can request any data from a [object store layer](https://developer.here.com/documentation/data-user-guide/user_guide/portal/layers/layers.html#object-store-layers) by key or by datahandle.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can request any data from an [object store layer](https://developer.here.com/documentation/data-user-guide/user_guide/portal/layers/layers.html#object-store-layers) using a key or datahandle.

```

**To get data from the object store layer:**

1. Create the `RequestBuilder` object.

>    For instructions, see [Create RequestBuilder](#Use `ObjectStoreApi` from `@here/olp-sdk-dataservice-api`;).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   For instructions, see [Create RequestBuilder](#use-objectstoreapi-from-hereolp-sdk-dataservice-api).
```

2. Call the `getBlobByKey` function with the `key` and `layerId` parameters.

   ```typescript
   const result = await ObjectStoreApi.getBlobByKey(requestBuilder, {
      key: "your-data-key",
      layerId: "your-layer-id"
   });
   ```

You receive data from the requested key of the selected layer.

> **To get all keys in the object store layer:**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Get all keys

You can get all data keys from an [object store layer](https://developer.here.com/documentation/data-user-guide/user_guide/portal/layers/layers.html#object-store-layers).

**To get all keys from the object store layer:**
```

1. Create the `RequestBuilder` object.

>    For instructions, see [Create RequestBuilder](#Use `ObjectStoreApi` from `@here/olp-sdk-dataservice-api`;).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   For instructions, see [Create RequestBuilder](#use-objectstoreapi-from-hereolp-sdk-dataservice-api).
```

2. Call the `listKeys` function with the `layerId` parameter.

   ```typescript
   const result = await ObjectStoreApi.listKeys(requestBuilder, {
      layerId: "your-layer-id"
   });
   ```

> You receive the response with list all keys in the selected layer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You receive a list of all keys from the selected layer.
```

> ## Publish data to the object store layer

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Publish data to an object store layer
```

Reviewer 2: Please apply this comment.

> **To publish data to an object store layer:**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**To publish data to the object store layer:**
```

1. Create the `RequestBuilder` object.

>    For instructions, see [Create RequestBuilder](#Use `ObjectStoreApi` from `@here/olp-sdk-dataservice-api`;).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   For instructions, see [Create RequestBuilder](#use-objectstoreapi-from-hereolp-sdk-dataservice-api).
```

> 2. Call the `putBlobByKey` function with the `key`, `data`, `contentLength` and `layerId` parameters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Call the `putBlobByKey` function with the `key`, `data`, `contentLength`, and `layerId` parameters.
```

   ```typescript
   const result = await ObjectStoreApi.putBlobByKey(requestBuilder, {
      layerId: "your-layer-id",
      key: "your-data-key",
      contentLength: data.length,
      body: data
   });
   ```

> You receive response from the datastore with the status of operation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You receive a response from the datastore with the status of the operation.
```

> For more information, you can visit the [Data User Guide](https://developer.here.com/documentation/data-user-guide/user_guide/portal/layers/layers.html)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information, see the [Data User Guide](https://developer.here.com/documentation/data-user-guide/user_guide/portal/layers/layers.html)
```
